C++ is the language of self-driving cars.
It's also a programming language that's a lot closer to what devices like
the NVIDIA PX2 understand than a higher level language like Python.
So if you want to get a job in this field,
it's something you're going to have to learn.
And while C++ is in most ways similar to languages like Python,
it also has several features which make it different.
In this two nanodegree,
you will learn C++ over two courses.
In this course, we will focus on all the elements of
C++ that it shares with Python: variables,
loops, classes, and objects, etc.
And in the next course, we'll focus on some of what makes C++ unique.
But the angle of this course,
is pretty straightforward, right?
Working C++ code.
In particular, you'll be asked to translate
the two dimensional histogram filter code that you wrote in Python into C++.
And when you get that to run correctly,
you'll have made a hugely important first step towards your eventual expertise in C++.
Now before we continue, there are some basic housekeeping steps that you'll need to take
care of before you start writing and running C++ code on your computer.
Follow the instructions we've outlined below before you move on.